Makera pr  ext out and beep (#329)
Carvera-Community/Carvera_Community_Firmware: version.txt

- Enhancement: Added improved PID Spindle control that increases performance of carvera C1 spindles. Setup requires following the guide on the documentation page
- Fixed: Prevent incorrect current line reporting after a tool change
- Lint: conformed all error messages to the format ERROR: <message> for easier hooks in the controller
- Fixed: Corrected issue with line numbered gcode files where a modal command without the letter G would be discarded. Change from Makera
- Fixed: Optimized the path movement to the work origin before machining to prevent collisions with the workpiece or fixture. Change from Makera

> - Fixed: improved support for external vacuum on Air. Change from Makera

Reviewer: Other backported change items leaked into this one

```suggestion
- Enhancement: Support for turning On an external connected vacuum via M851/M852. Backported from Makera firmware
```
